on such a dark night the people of Gaza
are here in the streets waiting for
humanitarian Aid to arrive there are
some unconfirmed reports saying the aid
will come to the Northern areas of the
strip despite the dangerous situation
men women and children are waiting to
get
Aid I have to be here and wait because
my children are very hungry I'm very
hungry as as well there might be flour
and we need it to bake bread we don't
care anymore about the dangerous
situation we don't have hope when your
child cries of hunger and you can't
afford anything for them what do you
think your reaction would be there is no
food our children are hungry and we are
hungry we atat grass and we atat animal
feed we haven't had bread for 4 weeks my
son sleeps hungry all the time we are
are exhausted we can't tolerate this
anymore we love life but in this
situation death will be better for me my
children can't go on like this anymore
we need humanitarian Aid by any
means we are in the jabalia refugee camp
in Northern Raza we have witnessed
Shilling bombardment destruction and
massacres for nearly 5 months the
Israelis use different types of weapons
against us now we suffer from
starvation the Israeli shelling and
bombardment hasn't killed us yet but the
hunger will in Northern Gaza hunger will
kill us we heard that Aid will come via
Salah Alin road then we heard it would
come near Zed roundabout then we heard
the aid would be air dropped by planes
so we headed towards the crossing what
is this we ate the feed of animals we
ate the feed of sparrows and pigeons
we're about to slaughter cats and eat
them we need help we need
Mercy this is the situation in Northern
Gaza salvation is everywhere the
Israelis prevent the entry of
humanitarian Aid to thousands and
thousands of Palestinians who
desperately need
it
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jaaz